Some supervisord configuration were missing regarding onboarder documentation (#1147)
akeneo/pim-docs: onboarder/synchronization/index.rst

| The messages that are part of the synchronization process are queued.
| The queue is consumed by a command line process called ``worker``.
|

> | The worker as to always be launched as it polls the queue waiting for new messages to handle.

Reviewer: nope, `has` was good :-)

> | The worker as to always be launched as it polls the queue waiting for new messages to handle.

Author: ```suggestion
| The worker has to always be launched as it polls the queue waiting for new messages to handle.
```

    autostart=true
    autorestart=true

.. warning::

    By default the environment variable of the shell that is running the supervisord process will not propagate the environment variables to the process it monitor.

>     You've to configure :doc:`the mandatory environment variables </onboarder/installation/index>` that the akeneo/pim-onboarder bundle requires in the ``/etc/supervisor.conf`` file.

Reviewer: `You have to`. Looks weird to me to read an abbreviation.

>     You've to configure :doc:`the mandatory environment variables </onboarder/installation/index>` that the akeneo/pim-onboarder bundle requires in the ``/etc/supervisor.conf`` file.

Author: ```suggestion
    You have to configure :doc:`the mandatory environment variables </onboarder/installation/index>` that the akeneo/pim-onboarder bundle requires in the ``/etc/supervisor.conf`` file.
```
